>Romeo and >Juliet
	Two households, both alike in dignity,
	in fair >Verona, where we lay our scene,
	from ancient grudge break to new mutiny,
	where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
	From forth the fatal loins of these two foes
	a pair of star-cross'd lovers take their life;
	whose misadventured piteous overthrows,
	do with their death bury their parents' strife.
	The fearful passage of their death-mark'd love,
	And the continuance of their parents' rage...

>The >Oiler 
	Steering with one of the two oars in the boat, he
	sometimes raised himself suddenly to keep clear of 
	water that swirled in over the stern. It was a 
	thin little oar and it seemed often ready to snap. 
	The correspondent, pulling at the other oar, 
	watched the waves and wondered why he was
	there. The injured captain, lying in the bow, 
	was at this time buried in that profound 
	dejection and indifference which comes, 
	temporarily at least, to even the bravest and 
	most enduring when, willy nilly, the firm fails,
	the army loses, the ship goes down.	
	
>Barack >Obama's Inaugural Speech
	In reaffirming the greatness of our nation, we 
	understand that greatness is never a given. It 
	must be earned. Our journey has never been one 
	of shortcuts or settling for less. It has not 
	been the path for the fainthearted -- for those 
	who prefer leisure over work, or seek only the 
	pleasures of riches and fame. Rather, it has been 
	the risk-takers, the doers, the makers of things 
	-- some celebrated, but more often men and women 
	obscure in their labor -- who have carried us...
	
>Ezekiel 25:17 (>Pulp >Fiction)
	The path of the righteous man is beset on all
	sides by the inequities of the selfish and the
	tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in 
	the	name of charity and good will, shepherds 
	the weak through the valley of darkness, for 
	he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder 
	of lost children. And I will strike down upon 
	thee with great vengeance and furious anger 
	those who would attempt to poison and destroy 
	>My brothers. And you will know >My name is 
	the >Lord when I lay >My vengeance upon thee. 
	
>The >Usual >Suspects	
	Who is >Keyser >Soze? He is supposed to be 
	>Turkish. Some say his father was >German. 
	Nobody believed he was real. Nobody ever 
	saw him or knew anybody that ever worked 
	directly for him, but to hear >Kobayashi 
	tell it, anybody could have worked for 
	Soze. You never knew. That was his power. 
	The greatest trick the >Devil ever pulled 
	was convincing the world he didn't exist. 
	And like that, poof. He's gone.
	
>Meet >Joe >Black	
	Love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live 
	without. I say, fall head over heels. Find someone 
	you can love like crazy and who will love you the 
	same way back. How do you find him? Well, you 
	forget your head, and you listen to your heart. 
	And I'm not hearing any heart. Cause the truth is, 
	honey, there's no sense living your life without 
	this. To make the journey and not fall deeply in 
	love, well, you haven't lived a life at all. But 
	you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, 
	you haven't lived. 
	
>Our deepest fear... 	
	Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. 
	Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond 
	measure. It is our light, not our darkness that 
	most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to 
	be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? 
	Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child 
	of >Earth. Your playing small does not serve the 
	world. There is nothing enlightened about 
	shrinking so that other people won't feel 
	insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, 
	as children do.
	
>The >Italian >Job
	We've come here to pay our respects to >Great 
	>Aunt >Nellie. She brought us up properly and 
	taught us loyalty. Now I want you to remember
	that during these next few days. I also want 
	you to remember that if you don't come back 
	with the goods, >Nellie here will turn in her 
	grave, and, likely as not, jump right out of 
	it and kick your teeth in. 
	
>Wall >Street	
	The point is, ladies and gentlemen, that greed, 
	for lack of a better word, is good. Greed is 
	right, greed works. Greed clarifies, cuts 
	through, and captures the essence of the 
	evolutionary spirit. Greed, in all of its 
	forms; greed for life, for money, for love, 
	knowledge has marked the upward surge of 
	mankind. And greed, you mark my words, will 
	not only save >Teldar >Paper, but that other 
	malfunctioning corporation called the >U>S>A.

>In >The >Poolhall
	Nobody cares how old you are, how young you are, 
	what color your skin is or how much money you've 
	got in your pocket... It's about how you move. 
	And I remember this kid once who could move 
	around a pool table like nobody had ever seen. 
	I mean, hour after hour, rack after rack, his 
	shots just went in. The cue was part of his arm 
	and the balls had eyes. And the thing that made 
	him so good was... He thought he could never miss. 
	I know, 'cause that kid was me. 
	