20/ Perfect! I must be dreaming: a dictation the likes of which I've never seen! I'm going to frame your test and hang it in the staff toilets.
19/ A near brush with genius. I wish there were more like you.
18/ Excellent work. If only you were this capable in mathematics...
17/ Very good work - keep it up! This almost makes up for your terrifyingly poor performance last year.
16/ Good work. If we ignore several mistakes which were bigger and scarier than your face.
15/ A solid dictation. Spelling comparable to that of Dickens, and mistakes worthy of Donald Duck.
14/ Could do better. (I couldn't stop myself posting some of your mistakes on Facebook for all my friends to see!)
13/ Fair work. I laughed a lot whilst correcting it... That was the point, right?
12/ This will not do. Take it again! Most of these mistakes could have been avoided simply by reading over your work instead of catching flies in your mouth.
11/ Impressive work. I'm still not sure how you managed to make so many mistakes with so few words!
10/ Generally good spelling alongside some linguistic abominations. You appear to be at once both the Yin and Yang of dictation!
9/ You can do it - with a little effort you could achieve the dizzying heights of mediocrity.
8/ Now you have successfully demonstrated your seemingly endless creativity when it comes to ridiculous errors, why not try the alternative?
7/ Well you got your name right, that's progress in itself! Where exactly does your mind go during dictations?
6/ I genuinely considered selling your submission on Ebay as a collectors' item.
5/ In some civilisations, the number 5 is synonymous with prosperity. Here it means the opposite.
4/ Did you know? Scores for dictation exercises can reach double figures. Really, it's true - I promise!.
3/ Scraped the bottom of the barrel, and kept on scraping.
2/ If you were my pet ferret, Heinrich, I would surely have commented: "Good work, excellent progress!".
1/ I didn't give you a ZERO, and I'm still asking myself why. It can only be because I've already drawn enough circles on your test sheet.
0/ I have a great job. Sometimes I get to discover the next J.K. Rowling. Other times I get cretins like you.